chore: update docs on minting custom jwt (#38653)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/auth/signing-keys.mdx

Make sure you store this private key in a secure location, as it will not be extractable from Supabase.

To import the generated private key to your project, create a [new standby key](/dashboard/project/_/settings/jwt/signing-keys) from the dashboard:

```json
{
  "kty": "EC",
  "kid": "3a18cfe2-7226-43b0-bbb4-7c5242f2406e",
  "d": "RDbwqThwtGP4WnvACvO_0nL0oMMSmMFSYMPosprlAog",
  "crv": "P-256",
  "x": "gyLVvp9dyEgylYH7nR2E2qdQ_-9Pv5i1tk7c2qZD4Nk",
  "y": "CD9RfYOTyjR5U-PC9UDlsthRpc7vAQQQ2FTt8UsX0fY"
}
```

> Once imported, click `Rotate key` to activate your new signing key. Any JWT signed by your old key will continue to be usable until your old signing key is manually revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once imported, click **Rotate key** to activate your new signing key. Any JWT signed by your old key will continue to be usable until your old signing key is manually revoked.
```

> To mint a new JWT using the asymmetric signing key, you will need to set the following [JWT headers](/docs/guides/auth/jwts#introduction) to match your generated private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mint a new JWT using the asymmetric signing key, you need to set the following [JWT headers](/docs/guides/auth/jwts#introduction) to match your generated private key.
```

```json
{
  "alg": "ES256",
  "kid": "3a18cfe2-7226-43b0-bbb4-7c5242f2406e",
  "typ": "JWT"
}
```

<Admonition type="note">

The `kid` header is used to identify your public key for verification. You must use the same value when importing on platform.

</Admonition>

In addition, you need to provide the following custom claims as the JWT payload.

```json
{
  "sub": "ef0493c9-3582-425f-a362-aef909588df7",
  "role": "authenticated",
  "exp": 1757749466
}
```

- `sub` is an optional UUID that uniquely identifies a user you want to impersonate in `auth.users` table.
- `role` must be set to an existing Postgres role in your database, such as `anon`, `authenticated`, or `service_role`.
- `exp` must be set to a timestamp in the future (seconds since 1970) when this token expires. Prefer shorter-lived tokens.

For simplicity, use the following CLI command to generate tokens with the desired header and payload.

```bash
supabase gen bearer-jwt --role authenticated --sub ef0493c9-3582-425f-a362-aef909588df7
```

> Finally, you can use your newly minted JWT should be set as the `Authorization: Bearer <JWT>` header to all [Data API requests](/docs/guides/auth/jwts#using-custom-or-third-party-jwts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can use your newly minted JWT by setting the `Authorization: Bearer <JWT>` header to all [Data API requests](/docs/guides/auth/jwts#using-custom-or-third-party-jwts).
```

Is this correct?

Author: yup, good catch
